You guys won't come back to machine learning practical this is zero.
And I hope you're enjoying this trial so far in this video we're going on a walk through Africa.
Let's get started.
Hopefully you will get to see a few cool things.
And while we're on this walk I also wanted to take this opportunity to give you a heads up.
Very soon.
You do me is going to ask you to leave Earth view for this course.
Now I know it can be difficult to judge the quality and value of a course this early on.
However the review system simply has changed and they are going to ask to leave reviews earlier and
earlier on in the course.
Now with that in mind we're not going to ask you to leave a five sort of view for this course but what
I would like to ask is please scroll through the tutorials.
If you're not familiar with the contents of the course yes well enough to read a firestorm of course
and please crawl for tutorials and please have a look at all of the different topics I will cover at
the different case studies of machine learning that you will have you'll have different in different
industries different application different different algorithms and hopefully that will give you the
confidence to rate this course a five star course.
If on the other hand you feel that something is wrong with the course if you're unsatisfied about something
then please do let us know before you rate this course.
You can contact the Supernews and support team directly or you can leave us a quick message in the course
Q&A.
We really value your feedback and we will get back to you or we will fix whatever the issue is and then
get back to you and hopefully that will give you the confidence to rate this course.
A five star course.
Now with that in mind if if something is wrong with the course then please let us know.
But if on the other hand you feel satisfied of course.
If you feel satisfied of the course if you're enjoying the tutorials so far and you're looking forward
to look at the rest of the trolls and applying machine learning and practical applications and you feel
that this is a five star course then please do rate it appropriately so other people will know that
this is a farce or a course on machine learning practical applications and that they can confidently
learn that from here too.
Thanks so much guys for being part of a machine learning practical super about this course.
Super excited about the different industry applications that you will have that are coming up for you
and we can't wait for you to take this to trial and until next time happy analyzing and enjoy machine
learning and by the way I enjoyed this book through Africa.
On that note.
See you guys.